README.md, before:

# Connect 4 Game - Assignment 2 Software Development

## Overview

This is an implementation of the Connect 4 Game as part of the UH Software
Development course.

This game uses a textual user interface, adopting a command-line interaction
interface for gameplay.

## Features

* Textual user interface: This game is playable without a graphical user
interface of any kind. You can run it on an old 90s terminal if you want.
* Player vs Player: The game adopts a multiplayer paradigm for its gameplay,
switching between two players every turn.
* Customisable Board: The board size can be set to any size, between 8x6 and
18x12.

## System Requirements

* Python 3.x: The game is written using Python 3.10 in mind, so you should grab
the latest version of Python 3.
* A terminal of some kind: Any computer has one of these. If you can't find it,
look for "Command Prompt" or "Terminal" in your OS search.

## Downloading

You need Git installed on your system.

**Please be aware Git is not the same as GitHub.** Git is the version control
software; GitHub is the Microsoft-owned online platform that just USES Git.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/MeenaSoftwareDevelopment/connect-4
cd connect-4
```

## Running

On Windows, run `python main.py`. On *nix, run `python3 main.py`.

After running the appropriate command, you'll see the Connect 4 game interface
in your terminal. Follow the on-screen instructions to make your moves and enjoy
the game!

## Contributing

You want to contribute to a university project? Really?

## Acknowledgements

Thanks to the University of Hertfordshire for providing us with the option to
make a Connect 4 game, I guess?

## License

This game is released under the MIT License, so you can do whatever you want
with it, but without warranty.

Commit message:

Actually I did a lot of bloody stuff
- Refactored most of main.py.
- Restructured the package to be more consistent with other Python packages, complete with a setup.py.
- Wrote a user guide.
- Added a .gitignore to ignore the .vscode directory that VS Code made.

README.md, after:

# Connect 4 Game - Assignment 2 Software Development

## Overview

This is an implementation of the Connect 4 Game as part of the UH Software
Development course.

This game uses a textual user interface, adopting a command-line interaction
interface for gameplay.

## Features

* Textual user interface: This game is playable without a graphical user
interface of any kind. You can run it on an old 90s terminal if you want.
* Player vs Player: The game adopts a multiplayer paradigm for its gameplay,
switching between two players every turn.
* Customisable Board: The board size can be set to any size, between 8x6 and
18x12.

## System Requirements

* Python 3.x: The game is written using Python 3.10 in mind, so you should grab
the latest version of Python 3.
* A terminal of some kind: Any computer has one of these. If you can't find it,
look for "Command Prompt" or "Terminal" in your OS search.

## Downloading

You need Git installed on your system.

**Please be aware Git is not the same as GitHub.** Git is the version control
software; GitHub is the Microsoft-owned online platform that just USES Git.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/MeenaSoftwareDevelopment/connect-4
cd connect-4/connect-4
```

## Running

On Windows, run `python main.py`. On *nix, run `python3 main.py`.

After running the appropriate command, you'll see the Connect 4 game interface
in your terminal. Follow the on-screen instructions to make your moves and enjoy
the game!

For a full overview, see the [user guide](https://github.com/MeenaSoftwareDevelopment/connect-4/blob/main/docs/user-guide.adoc).

## Contributing

You want to contribute to a university project? Really?

## Acknowledgements

Thanks to the University of Hertfordshire for providing us with the option to
make a Connect 4 game, I guess?

## License

This game is released under the MIT License, so you can do whatever you want
with it, but without warranty.
